Web site security is becoming more and more important attacks are on the increase.
And there are millions every single day.
My own Web site the one that see the subject of this case study is attacked hundreds of times a month.
The attacks vary in intensity and style but there always a danger to unprotected sites.
Fortunately it's quite easy for us to protect our size against most of the common attacks.
Hackers trying to gain access to your sites for a variety of reasons an obvious one is to add text or
bandeau links to your site which redirect to their own sites or offers
thousands of sites are hacked and used to launch.
D O S or denial of service attacks on another site these attacks operate my sending so much traffic
to a Web site that the hosting server just can't cope and the site knows down
someone with illegal files such as pornographic images may try to store them on your server to escape
discovery.
Some hackers simply like the challenge.
They do it for fun
whatever the reason.
There are millions of attacks every year and currently there are almost 180000 WordPress sites successfully
hacked every year.
So what are these attacks.
The three main attacks account for almost 80 percent of all the attempts.
These are hosting server vulnerability brute force attacks unplugging vulnerability.
Make sure you use a well-established hosting company send them an email asking about their record and
what are the defenses against hacking just by using a reputable host.
Your risk is reduced considerably a brute force attack is when a board attempts to get your admin user
name and password as you can imagine.
If you leave the username as the default which is admin and use a simple password you'll soon be hacked.
As I said during the installation video username password should be random over 12 characters and mixed
plugins should be kept to a minimum and only choose ones that are actually supported and compatible
with the latest version of your Wordpress theme.
Be sure to change your Wordpress dashboard from time to time and update the theme and plugins whenever
you are notified.
This is important as updates include fixes for vulnerabilities.
Just recently discovered
the security plugin that I use is called word fence which has a free and a pro plan if guards against
brute force attacks as well as many others.
And even with the free plan I have never been hacked.